so I just finished filming my first
video using my ring light and I hope it
turned out good I noticed that there is
some shadowing so I'm gonna have to look
into figuring out my lighting and
charles and i are going to arranger his
game so i figured i'll just show you my
outfit of the day I'm wearing this
lipstick and lashes hat from time Los
Angeles I found them on Instagram I'll
put their little handle there I think
it's just time Los Angeles and then I
curled my hair using my new me reverse I
have a jennifer zeuner one of those
initial necklaces and this sweater is
from winners it's really loose then this
scarf is burberry then I have these
leggings which are from black milk and
they're they're high-waisted leggings
and then these boots are also from
winners and I think that is it so this
is my outfit for the hockey game so I'm
just packing my bag to take to my
parents because they're going to be
looking after Alex and I have the
rebecca minkoff knocked up and i bought
it because of my rebecca minkoff mini
mac purse which i'm going to be using
today to bring to the hockey game so so
if you're curious about this bag I
highly recommend it it is hundra this
one hundred percent leather it's big
enough for everything that I need and it
doesn't even look like a diaper bag like
it just looks like a bigger version of
the mini mac this is the pet vacuum it's
the one that you want well goodness
rumba see you know how you think of the
dog my the dogs might chase this thing
around but it's noisy like the back and
so scared of acting hopefully didn't
kill this it's gonna be chasing them
this was it like a light he was just
awake and now he's back to sleep
I like to stop at every single food in
Costco to get the samples
oh my goodness did you notice that we're
wearing white hats and like our jacket
what has it come to
I love and hate costco I love it because
of all the bulk merchandise there but
hate it because people are always in a
rush and yeah seems like every time I'm
there something happens that really
irritates me like the last time i was
there when i was pregnant this man just
cut in front of me and I was pregnant
and I'm just like nah I'm not having
this in line and it was so busy he's
like it's costco this is what people do
and I like he gave me attitude with his
wife there and I'm like I pretty much
lost it on him I'm like you cut in front
of like a pregnant woman and I don't
know I was just really really pissed off
and then today just the cashier and
people there in a rush and just throwing
things in the cart with Alex and like
wake him up and just I don't know it's
like you see there's a baby there why
are you throwing things at the cart like
yeah anyways calming down now that's my
rant what you wearin what's your outfit
of the day oh very nice but i was
referring to our son he's wearing a
pouch girls with the doggie this is from
charles sister doggy are you so cute and
little slot sees monkey socks that are
falling off his feet does the office
kicks socks off hey
I can't remember the last hockey game I
went to hey suction a first rangers game
really yeah that's crazy no I though my
dad has season tickets to the kitchener
rangers and him and his uncle aren't
going tonight so Charles and I are going
and it's his first game so excited
I want to be that man in the box
weird
man
you
wrinkly
coming after
you
my hair no maybe it's fine oh shut up
are you serious oh oh my god well
there's some at your hair you got turn
so I could see it
you